Isn't this our former finale model?
Why do you still have the face to come back and say it?
Her mother married our top gifter
Xiaoya, didn't Jiang always treat you before?
How did you come back to the catwalk?
Did your stepfather stop wanting you?
Shut your stinky mouth
Are you still afraid of others saying that you are innocent?
Are you all crazy?
How can you go on stage if you hurt your face?
He was the one who beat up Sister Juan first
Relying on myself and my stepfather to be unclear, isn't it great?
Get out of here and let me hear it again
Stop messing around with the models
Why is Sister Juan so atmospheric?
Li Xiaoya, why are you so careless?
Have you been rusty for too long?
Why does Jiang Shanshan target me every time?
What do you think?
Your mom stole my dad
You and Yufeng got together again
You and your mother are both stinky bitches
Tell me again.
Jiang Shanshan
I will stop all your cards from today.
Why are you doing this to me?
I think I've spoiled you.
You are not allowed to hug him
Don't rely on you as my daughter of Jiang Yi
If you're still going to be a model
Just give me peace of mind